mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad3:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad5:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad8:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad3:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad4:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad4:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad8:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad8:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad8:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad4:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad3:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad2:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad3:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
ib
Computer qkt1 NEWLY added as FAULTY.

qkt6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt6:		 missing optional package:	matplotlib
Computer qkt6 NEWLY added as FAULTY.

overed.

mad2:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad3:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad4:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt6:		 missing optional package:	matplotlib
Computer qkt6 NEWLY added as FAULTY.

overed.

mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad5:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad3:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt6:		 missing optional package:	matplotlib
Computer qkt6 NEWLY added as FAULTY.

qkt1:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt1:		 missing optional package:	matplotlib
Computer qkt1 Faulty, but already discovered.

mad8:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad3:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt1:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt1:		 missing optional package:	matplotlib
Computer qkt1 Faulty, but already discovered.

qkt4:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt4:		 missing optional package:	matplotlib
Computer qkt4 NEWLY added as FAULTY.

mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad8:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt4:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt4:		 missing optional package:	matplotlib
Computer qkt4 NEWLY added as FAULTY.

overed.

mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad5:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt10:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearnmad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
tlib
Computer qkt10 NEWLY added as FAULTY.

mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt1:		 missing optional package:	matplotlib
Computer qkt1 Faulty, but already discovered.

mad5:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad4:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt1:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
qkt1:		 missing optional package:	matplotlib
Computer qkt1 Faulty, but already discovered.

mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad4:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad9:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
tlib
Computer qkt10 NEWLY added as FAULTY.

mad6:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
mad5:		 MISSING CRITICAL PACKAGE:	sklearn
